I'll put the law on the holistically the
goal of has 2014 is to capture the true
essence of football to accomplish this
we have created a new game engine to
innovate and transform gameplay we have
been developing this new engine over the
course of the last 10 years we call the
system centered around the new engine
fluidity the name is derived from our
analysis of Total Football which is
characterized by fluid constant
switching of positions it was inspiring
and knew I had the role originally based
on the Fox engine this new engine was
created exclusively for this football
game the images will create our much
higher quality than have ever been seen
before in a sports game hey q lo mataste
utilizing many new elements which I will
introduce in a moment our new engine is
able to achieve a whole new approach to
the game only the six elements of the
new engine are true ball tech mass has
ID team play
heart and the core with true ball tech
you can control the ball in any
direction to this it almost funny at all
from a cutie go Bob and clue to them
this even includes while it is in the
air Russell spittle some of them another
or a water or condolence it was already
here we have also added the concept of
berry center this allows the users to
control the very center of players and
the ball separately making you feel as
though you are actually playing football
no it goes and grazes open site the
result is a more instinctive style of
play mass stands for motion animation
stability system it simulates the
physics of body contact with in bespoke
animations that blow seamlessly with in
play us we weren't looking to just add
flashy moves we wanted to bring real fly
and tactics to the game when we achieve
that through gameplay the result is that
has now truly feels like a competitive
match just like the real thing antal
huggable for the purpose of the heart
aspect is to capture the essence of
playing both at home and away come on
Mollie olgin film and if what they're
all hooligans you to properly create
that experience we've implemented team
morale and player motivation levels
so as you play and do well your entire
team will be influenced by home and away
environment this will in turn affect
each player's personal motivation and as
a result affect players abilities
corporal task you will not screwing up
so again on dates you have a night our
game has a long history which can make
it very difficult to think outside the
box our new engine has been the key to
breaking new ground that possible on all
week we're gonna swing therefore home
from you know like of course our older
versions have had many great elements to
them but we've been limited by previous
engines this time we change direction
and focused on the total package
including user experience Claire
controls and more
come on oh we are planning many more
features well announce these updates in
the near future please stay tuned the
new engine will impress users with an
ever-evolving gameplay experience and
make scoring more enjoyable pass instead
ultimately we really want users to enjoy
this new evolution of PES 2014 00 li and
full house into my head we want a lot